Verse: John 3:16
Translation (TEV): For God loved the world so much that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life.
Translation (DS): Sapagka't gayon na lamang ang mga pagsinta ng Dios sa sanglibutan, na ibinigay niya ang kaniyang bugtong na Anak, upang ang sinomang sa kaniya'y sumampalataya ay huwag mapahamak, kundi magkaroon ng buhay na walang hanggan.
Translation (NPV): Sapagkat gayon na lamang ang pag-ibig ng Dios sa sanlibutan, ibinigay niya ang kanyang bugtong na Anak, upang ang sinumang sa kanya'y sumampalataya ay huwag mapahamak kundi magkaroon ng buhay na walang hanggan.
Translation (NIV): For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Translation (NKJV): For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.
Translation (AMP): For God so greatly loved and dearly prized the world that He [even] gave up His only begotten (unique) Son, so that whoever believes in (trusts in, clings to, relies on) Him shall not perish (come to destruction, be lost) but have eternal (everlasting) life.

===

Verse: John 20:17
Translation (TEV): "Do not hold on to me," Jesus told her, "because I have not yet gone back up to the Father. But go to my brothers and tell them that I am returning to him who is my Father and their Father, my God and their God."
Translation (DS): Sinabi sa kaniya ni Jesus, Huwag mo akong hipuin; sapagka't hindi pa ako nakakaakyat sa Ama, nguni't pumaroon ka sa aking mga kapatid, at sabihin mo sa kanila, Aakayat ako sa aking Ama at inyong Ama, at aking Dios at inyong Dios.
Translation (NPV): Sinabi ni Jesus, "Huwag mo akong hawakan, hindi pa ako nakababalik sa Ama. Ngunit pumunta ka sa aking mga kapatid at sabihin mo sa kanila, 'Magbabalik ako sa aking Ama at inyong Ama, sa aking Dios at inyong Dios.'"
Translation (NIV): Jesus said, "Do not hold on to me, for I have not yet returned to the Father. Go instead to my brothers and tell them, 'I am returning to my Father and your Father, to my God and your God.'"
Translation (NKJV): Jesus said to her, "Do not cling to Me, for I have not yet ascended to My Father; but go to My brethren and say to them, 'I am ascending to My Father and your Father, and to My God and your God.'"
Translation (AMP): Jesus said to her, Do not cling to Me [do not hold Me], for I have not yet ascended to the Father. But go to My brethren and tell them, I am ascending to My Father and your Father, and to My God and your God.

===

Verse: Psalms 50:14
Translation (TEV): Let the giving of thanks be your sacrifice to God, and give the Almighty all that you promised.
Translation (DS): Ihandog mo sa Dios ang hain pasasalamat: At tuparin mo ang iyong mga panata sa Kataastaasan:
Translation (NPV): Ihain mo sa Dios ang mga handog ng pasalamat, tupdin mo ang mga panata mo sa Kataastaasan,
Translation (NIV): Sacrifice thank offerings to God, fulfill your vows to the Most High,
Translation (NKJV): Offer to God thanksgiving, And pay your vows to the Most High.
Translation (AMP): Offer to God the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and pay your vows to the Most High.

===

